OSDOCS-12237-bm-ccompute: Bug batching 4.18 PR (#88869)
openshift/openshift-docs: release_notes/ocp-4-18-release-notes.adoc

* Previously, the certificate signing request (CSR) approver included certificates from other systems within its calculations for whether it was overwhelmed and should stop approving certificates. In larger clusters, with other subsystems using CSRs, the CSR approver counted unrelated unapproved CSRs towards its total and prevented further approvals. With this release, the CSR approver only includes CSRs that it can approve, by using the `signerName` property as a filter. As a result, the CSR approver only prevents new approvals when there are a large number of unapproved CSRs for the relevant `signerName` values. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-46425[*OCPBUGS-46425*])

* Previously, some cluster autoscaler metrics were not initialized, and therefore were not available. With this release, these metrics are initialized and available. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-46416[*OCPBUGS-46416*])

> * Previously, if an informer watch stream missed an event because of a temporary disconnection, the informer might return a special signal type after it reconnected to the network, especially when the informer recognizes that an EndpointSlice object was deleted during the temporary disconnection. The returned signal type indicated that the state of the event has stalled and that the object was deleted. The returned signal type was not accurate and might have caused confusion for a {product-title} user. With this release, the CCM handles unexpected signal types  so that {product-title} users do not receive confusing information from returned types. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-45972[*OCPBUGS-45972*])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Previously, if an informer watch stream missed an event because of a temporary disconnection, the informer might return a special signal type after it reconnected to the network, especially when the informer recognizes that an EndpointSlice object was deleted during the temporary disconnection. The returned signal type indicated that the state of the event stalled and that the object was deleted. The returned signal type was not accurate and might have caused confusion for a {product-title} user. With this release, the Cloud Controller Manager (CCM) handles unexpected signal types  so that {product-title} users do not receive confusing information from returned types. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-45972[*OCPBUGS-45972*])
```

* Previously, when the {aws-short} DHCP option set was configured to use a custom domain name that contains a trailing period (`.`), {product-title} installation failed. With this release, the logic that extracts the hostname of EC2 instances and turns them into Kubelet node names is updated to trim trailing periods so that the resulting Kubernetes object name is valid. Trailing periods in the DHCP option set no longer cause installation to fail. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-45889[*OCPBUGS-45889*])

* Previously, installation of an {aws-short} cluster failed in certain environments on existing subnets when the `publicIp` parameter for the `MachineSet` object was explicity set to `false`. With this release, a configuration value set for `publicIp` no longer causes issues when the installation program provisions machines for your {aws-short} cluster in certain environment. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-45130[*OCPBUGS-45130*])

> * Previously, enabling a provisioning network by editing the cluster-wide Provisioning resource was only possible on clusters with platform type "baremetal", e.g. ones created by the IPI installer. On baremetal SNO and UPI clusters that would result in a validation error. The excessive validation has been removed, and enabling a provisioning network is now possible on baremetal clusters with platform type "none". As with IPI, users are responsible for making sure that all networking requirements are met for this operation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Previously, enabling a provisioning network by editing the cluster-wide Provisioning resource was only possible on clusters with platform type "baremetal", such as ones created by the IPI installer. On baremetal SNO and UPI clusters that would result in a validation error. The excessive validation has been removed, and enabling a provisioning network is now possible on baremetal clusters with platform type "none". As with IPI, users are responsible for making sure that all networking requirements are met for this operation.
```
Can't use e.g. https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/ibm-style?topic=format-examples#inline-examples
Missing bug link.
